The Evolving Risk Landscape Quiz

UNIT 1: Question 1
Which following asset is one of Computer System Assets?
Company’s internal web page
*Network router
Physical facility

UNIT 1: Question 2
True or False: The information written on a piece of paper is not important for Information Security.
True
*False

UNIT 1: Question 3
Which of these assets does not exist in Cyberspace?
*A file cabinet holding paper records
Control software in a self-driving vehicle
Web server

UNIT 1: Question 4
True or False: Cybersecurity is concerned with more than just “information in cyberspace,” because there are information infrastructure and non-information assets in cyberspace, such as connected IoT devices.
*True
False

UNIT 1: Question 5
Which security aspect covers assets such as “devices not-connected in cyberspace”?
*Computer security
Cyber security
Information security

UNIT 1: Question 6
Which statement best defines “IT Security”?
IT security is an objective centered on business strategy.
*IT security is an operational and technical-driven objective. The assets in IT systems are a combination of assets covered by Computer Security, InfoSec, and Cybersecurity.
IT security is an umbrella term that sums up computer security, information security and cybersecurity.

UNIT 1: Question 7
Is a standalone copy machine in the hallway that is not connected to a network considered an asset in IT security?
*Yes
No

UNIT 1: Question 8
Which statement is true?
IT security and Information security are equivalent.
*IT security is technology-oriented, while Information Security is business-oriented.
IT security is business-oriented, while Information Security is technology-oriented.

UNIT 1: Question 9
Which of these statements about Privacy are true? (Select two)
*Privacy is not the same as Security.
Privacy is about data encryption.
*Privacy is an inherent human right to protect personal information.

UNIT 1: Question 10
Which information is considered “Personal Information”? (Select three)
*Combination of birthday, gender, and zip code
Job title alone
*Medical treatment history with full name, birthday, gender and address
Last name alone
*Social Security Number alone

UNIT 1: Question 11
Threat can be described in terms of the following characteristics:
*Actor, Motivation, Capability
Actor, Motivation, Safeguards
Asset, Vulnerability, Risk

UNIT 1: Question 12
Which statement is true?
Risk = Actor + Vulnerability + Controls/Safeguards
Risk = Asset + Threat + Controls/Safeguards
*Risk = Asset + Threat + Vulnerability

UNIT 1: Question 13
Virus and Anti-virus describes the main threat/defense pair during the:
*1990s
2000s
2010s

UNIT 1: Question 14
What are the key factors behind the “disappearing perimeter”? (Select two)
*Increase of IoT endpoint devices
More state-sponsored attacks
Outdated firewall products
*Wide adoption of cloud platforms

UNIT 1: Question 15
Which following are internal cyber security challenges? (Select all that apply)
Cloud vendor
*Human beings are still the weakest links
*Lack of budget
*Skill gaps
Terrorist attack

UNIT 1: Question 16
The cyber defenses have evolved through these following steps in past two decades:
Prevention, Detection, Respond
*Protection, Detection, Respond
Protection, Prevention, Detection

UNIT 1: Question 17
To achieve security resilience, solutions should directly support:
Cloud-based backup only
Disaster recovery only
*Recovery, agility, usability, automation and learnability

UNIT 1: Question 18
True or False: Artificial Intelligence and machine learning is the silver bullet for solving cyber security problems.
True
*False