Packet Sniffing Unit Quiz

Unit 1 Question
Without being in promiscuous mode or monitor mode, and not taking hypervisors into account, when a frame enters a NIC on a computer, if the destination MAC address is not the NIC’s MAC address, a broadcast, or a multicast, what will the NIC do?
*Drop it
Flood it
Send an ARP Request
Send an ICMP error message

Unit 1 Question
When a hypervisor on a wireless client receives traffic from a VM, it must:
*Replace the source MAC address
Replace the destination MAC address
Replace the source IP address
Replace the destination IP address

Unit 1 Question
Which of the following represents the lowest OSI Model Layer of data that can be read by a packet sniffer?
Layer 1
*Layer 2
Layer 3
Layer 4

Unit 1 Question
Which of the following is used for the four-way handshake used by WPA and WPA2 to set up keys used in encrypting traffic between the client and a WAP (wireless access point)?
TCP
DNS
*EAPoL
DHCP

Unit 1 Question
Which of these is different on wired LANs than on wireless LANs?
Segments
*Frames
Packets
Datagrams

Unit 1 Question
Monitor Mode applies to:
Only wired NICs
*Only wireless NICs
Both wired and wireless NICs
Neither wired nor wireless NICs

Unit 1 Question
WinPcap does not support:
Packet sniffing
Promiscuous mode, but it does support monitor mode
Either promiscuous mode or monitor mode
*Monitor mode, but it does support promiscuous mode.

Unit 1 Question
What’s the most popular protocol analyzer?
*Wireshark
Nmap
Snort
Netstat

Unit 1 Question
True or False: Hypervisors can make a NIC operate differently, by making the NIC accept frames with a unicast destination MAC address that is different than the NIC’s MAC address.
*True
False

Unit 1 Question
Regarding monitor mode sniffing from within virtual machines, which of the following is true?
VMs do not support any type of packet sniffing
*It is not possible to sniff in monitor mode from VMs, without a special external adapter.
Sniffing from VMs is exactly the same as sniffing from a host machine
It is always possible to sniff in monitor mode from VMs.