WEEK 4


Knowledge Check 4.1
Which of the following best describes the idea of reducing bottlenecks? Please select the correct answer.
a. Lean
*b. The Theory of Constraints correct
c. Agile
d. DevOps 

NOTE: http://www.lean-manufacturing-japan.com/scm-terminology/bottleneck-constraint.html


Knowledge Check 4.2
What is the primary difference between Continuos Delivery and Continuous Deployment? Please select the correct answer.
a. Continuous Deployment can be deployed to production and Continuous Delivery is deployed into production
*b. Continuous Delivery can be deployed to production and Continuous Deployment is deployed into production correct
c. Continuous Delivery can be deployed to test and Continuous Deployment is deployed into production
d. Continuous Delivery can be deployed to production and Continuous Deployment is deployed into test 

NOTE: https://puppet.com/blog/continuous-delivery-vs-continuous-deployment-what-s-diff


Knowledge Check 4.3
What is the difference between Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Behavior-Driven Development (BDD)? Please select the correct answer.
a. TDD is where developers write the code first, before testing, and BDD is where tests are designed to test how the code works versus how it behaves
b. TDD is where developers write the code first, before testing, and BDD is where tests are designed to test how the code behaves versus how it works
c. TDD is where developers write tests first, before coding, and BDD is where tests are designed to test how the code works versus how it behaves
*d. TDD is where developers write tests first, before coding, and BDD is where tests are designed to test how the code behaves versus how it works 

NOTE: 4.1. Automated Testing (Part I) video - TDD is where developers write tests first, before coding
4.2. Automated Testing (Part II) vidoe - BDD at 03:20
Video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QFYTQy47yA
	 

Knowledge 4.4
The following three items are considered types of zero downtime deployment patterns: rolling upgrades, canary, blue-green deployments. Please select the correct answer.
*a. True
b. False 

NOTE: 5.1. Deployment Strategies (Part I) - video at 05:45


Knowledge Check 4.5
Which of the following statements best describes the concept of "pets versus cattle"? Please select the correct answer.
a. "Pets" are like treating your infrastructure like pets (not giving servers' names) and "Cattle" is like treating your infrastructure as cattle (giving your servers' names)
b. "Pets" are like treating your infrastructure like pets (never logging into them) and "Cattle" is like treating your infrastructure as cattle (giving your servers' names)
*c. "Pets" are like treating your infrastructure like pets (giving servers' names) and "Cattle" is like treating your infrastructure as cattle (ephemeral infrastructure) correct 

NOTE: video 3.1. Creating Consistency in the Pipeline (Part I) at 5:30
